Update Kubernetes Operator documentation [IPE-186][IPE-158] (#488)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/integrations/kubernetes/setup.mdx

---

> page_title: Terraform Cloud Operator for Kubernetes setup instructions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: Set up the Terraform Cloud Operator for Kubernetes
```

description: >-
  Install and configure the Terraform Cloud Operator for Kubernetes.
---

> # Terraform Cloud Operator for Kubernetes Setup Instructions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Set up the Terraform Cloud Operator for Kubernetes
```

> Using the Terraform Cloud Operator for Kubernetes' CustomResourceDefinition (CRD), users can dynamically create Terraform Cloud workspaces using a Terraform configuration from a git repository or from the [Terraform Registry](https://registry.terraform.io/), populate variables, and perform Terraform runs to provision infrastructure. You can install the operator with the official HashiCorp Helm chart.

Reviewer: Should we link to the helm chart below?
```suggestion
The Terraform Cloud Operator for Kubernetes' CustomResourceDefinitions (CRD) allow you to dynamically create Terraform Cloud workspaces using Terraform configuration from a git repository or the [Terraform Registry](https://registry.terraform.io/), populate variables, and provision infrastructure with Terraform runs. 

You can install the operator with the official HashiCorp Helm chart.
```

## Prerequisites

> All Terraform Cloud users can use the Terraform Cloud Operator for Kubernetes. Some features of Terraform Cloud that are [limited to certain tiers](/terraform/cloud-docs/overview) aren't available to the Terraform Cloud Operator for Kubernetes unless you've purchased the corresponding tier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Terraform Cloud users can use the Terraform Cloud Operator for Kubernetes. Terraform Cloud features [limited to certain tiers](/terraform/cloud-docs/overview) aren't available to the Terraform Cloud Operator for Kubernetes unless you've purchased that corresponding tier.
```

> ## Terraform Cloud Operator for Kubernetes

Reviewer: I think we can remove this header, it doesn't add anything, and then we can boost all the below steps to h2s so they show up in the right navigation TOC
```suggestion
```

> ### Networking Requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Networking requirements
```

In order for the Terraform Cloud Operator for Kubernetes to function properly, it must be able to make outbound requests over HTTPS (TCP port 443) to the Terraform Cloud application APIs. This may require perimeter networking as well as container host networking changes, depending on your environment. The IP ranges are documented in the [Terraform Cloud IP Ranges documentation](/terraform/cloud-docs/architectural-details/ip-ranges). The services which run on these IP ranges are described in the table below.

| Hostname         | Port/Protocol  | Directionality | Purpose                                                                                                            |
| ---------------- | -------------- | -------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| app.terraform.io | tcp/443, HTTPS | Outbound       | Dynamically managing Terraform Cloud Workspaces and returning the output to Kubernetes via the Terraform Cloud API |

> ### Compatibility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Compatibility
```

The current release of the Terraform Cloud Operator for Kubernetes supports the following versions:

* Helm 3.0.1 and above
* Kubernetes 1.15 and above

> ### Installation & Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install and configure
```

1. Generate an [organization token](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/api-tokens#organization-api-tokens) within Terraform Cloud and save it to a file. (These instructions assume you're using a file named `credentials`.)

1. Create a [Kubernetes Secret](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/) with the Terraform Cloud API credentials.

   ```
   kubectl -n $NAMESPACE create secret generic terraformrc --from-file=credentials
   ```

1. Add sensitive variables, such as your cloud provider credentials, to the workspace.

   ```
   kubectl -n $NAMESPACE create secret generic workspacesecrets --from-literal=secret_key=abc123
   ```

1. Install the [Terraform Cloud Operator for Kubernetes via Helm](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-helm).

   ```
   helm repo add hashicorp https://helm.releases.hashicorp.com

   helm install --namespace ${RELEASE_NAMESPACE} hashicorp/terraform --generate-name
   ```

1. To create a Terraform workspace, you can create a separate Helm chart to deploy the custom resource or examine these [examples](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-helm/tree/master/example).

### Upgrading

> When a new version of the Terraform Cloud Operator for Kubernetes Helm Chart is available from the HashiCorp Helm repository, it can be upgraded with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a new version of the Terraform Cloud Operator for Kubernetes Helm Chart is available from the HashiCorp Helm repository, you can upgrade with the following command.
```

---
page_title: Set up the Terraform Cloud Operator for Kubernetes
description: >-
  Install and configure the Terraform Cloud Operator for Kubernetes.
---

# Set up the Terraform Cloud Operator for Kubernetes

> The Terraform Cloud Operator for Kubernetes' CustomResourceDefinitions (CRD) allow you to dynamically create Terraform Cloud workspaces using Terraform configuration from a git repository or the [Terraform Registry](https://registry.terraform.io/), populate variables, and provision infrastructure with Terraform runs. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Terraform Cloud Operator for Kubernetes' CustomResourceDefinitions (CRD) allow you to dynamically create Terraform Cloud workspaces using Terraform configuration from a Git repository or the [Terraform Registry](https://registry.terraform.io/), populate workspace variables, and provision infrastructure with Terraform runs. 
```

same q as in previous page - what's the git tie in?

> You can install the operator with the official HashiCorp Helm chart.

Reviewer 2: should we link to the chart?

## Prerequisites

> All Terraform Cloud users can use the Terraform Cloud Operator for Kubernetes. Terraform Cloud features [limited to certain tiers](/terraform/cloud-docs/overview) aren't available to the Terraform Cloud Operator for Kubernetes unless you've purchased that corresponding tier.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All Terraform Cloud users can use the Terraform Cloud Operator for Kubernetes. You can use the operator to manage the supported features that your organization's pricing tier enables. 
```

just to clarify a little, remove passive voice

| Hostname         | Port/Protocol  | Directionality | Purpose                                                                                                            |
| ---------------- | -------------- | -------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `app.terraform.io` | tcp/443, HTTPS | Outbound       | Dynamically managing Terraform Cloud workspaces and returning the output to Kubernetes with the Terraform Cloud API |

## Compatibility

The Terraform Cloud Operator for Kubernetes supports the following versions:

* Helm 3.0.1 and above
* Kubernetes 1.15 and above

## Install and configure

1. Generate an [organization token](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/api-tokens#organization-api-tokens) within Terraform Cloud and save it to a file. These instructions assume you are using a file named `credentials`.

1. Create a [Kubernetes Secret](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/) with the Terraform Cloud API credentials.

   ```

>    kubectl -n $NAMESPACE create secret generic terraformrc --from-file=credentials

Reviewer 2: where does the namesapce variable come from?

   ```

> 1. Add sensitive variables, such as your cloud provider credentials, to the workspace.

Reviewer 2: which workspace?
